fix(ha-tracker): set electedAtTime to now when the received replicaDesc ha deletedAt higher than zero (#10443)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] MQE: Fix <aggr_over_time> functions with histograms #10400
* [BUGFIX] Distributor: return HTTP status 415 Unsupported Media Type instead of 200 Success for Remote Write 2.0 until we support it. #10423
* [BUGFIX] Query-frontend: Add flag `-query-frontend.prom2-range-compat` and corresponding YAML to rewrite queries with ranges that worked in Prometheus 2 but are invalid in Prometheus 3. #10445 #10461

> * [BUGFIX] Distributor: Fix edge case at the ha-tracker with memberlist as KVStore, where a replica in the KVStore is marked as deleted but not yet removed, it would fail to update the KVStore. #10443

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Distributor: Fix edge case at the HA-tracker with memberlist as KVStore, where when a replica in the KVStore is marked as deleted but not yet removed, it fails to update the KVStore. #10443
```

Reviewer: I tried to make this a but clearer, but I'm not sure if the meaning is preserved. LMK if you want to iterate more on this description. 😄

Author: Yes makes total sense. I applied your suggestion. Thanks a lot
